ansible-galaxy - add signature verification of the MANIFEST.json (#76681)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/shared_snippets/installing_multiple_collections.txt

     version: 'version range identifiers (default: ``*``)'
     source: 'The Galaxy URL to pull the collection from (default: ``--api-server`` from cmdline)'

> You can specify five keys for each collection entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the following keys for each collection entry:
```
